operations mode here I think this is
probably the easiest mission you can do
for operations mode I'm going to be
leveling up my sniper at the moment you
can see me there in the pink and the
gold which is being a little bit
obscured as the gold by the Shadows at
the
moment yeah we're going to do ballistic
engine so we've got a common deer Renova
Cannon Warhead deploy it on a train and
send it to The Hive
City so we'll
see so you've got separate levels for
each of the classes in PVE and my main
one is the Vanguard but I'm enjoying the
the sniper as well so I'm trying them
out so I've got a l fusal g here so we
need a pistol and a combat knife NOA
can from the na with my special ability
on a big cool down but it's quite nice
for disengaging if I get jumped by a lot
of Warriors which I'm not great at at
course range T of shall R down uh but
it's also really good because I can
revive people whilst I'm invisible so it
makes me have a little bit
of utility there I've got a couple of
melee boys with me I've got a bll
walk conditions of steill the P for the
flashing guide
who's got a shield and he's very tanky
with his power sword and a bol pistol
and then we got an assault Marine as
well as a thunder Hammer so that's cool
no storm will delay they're going to
hopefully protect me cuz my big weakness
right now with this class is just being
absolutely hammered by too many uh
enemies at RS basically too many home
running in that kind of thing their
numbers are no match for our train
inserting Fresh
Magazine this map has these quite
annoying dust storms on
it they kind of come in periodically and
then disappear
so we're only playing on difficulty two
out of four right now because as I say
this is quite a low level character I've
got I'm only level
four you do get a lot stronger as you
get levels your weapons get stronger and
you also unlock a bunch of perks and and
they buff you and often sometimes your
teammates as
well
purification yeah purification by FR
grenade ship changing magazine
this is not a test
of did you check over
here no they didn't found weapon
schematics survey the terrain while you
can
Brothers feels down Ry after all that
smothering
dust yeah so you'll probably see another
vid in relation to that I'm not going to
talk about that at the moment the D L
and what you need them for and upgrading
your weapons
but wounds of the imperior they're like
Grim W in vermintide if you play ver
TI she slice and dice that wor to
pces oh
[__] reloading
if you would only remain static you
would be the perfect firing Point our
next battle I shall
take
that wait are you being serious no
simply
being
[Music]
okay liutenant we have arrived at the
ammo
jump Master away from Mach Spirit
instructed to move the implosive Warhead
onto the train and assisted when
necessary
Ary what was that was that like a spa
mine this is load a Nova Cannon onto the
surv
they got that
good readying next Bing
precisely what we
needed where are the key
targets get away B
Strangler what iore aaes my
bones shot
grenade zenos SC scope
you
there
reloading oh I was too late to dodge
I need get
ammo Munitions
here
brother he's got
it choosing the console
C2
attemp I don't know what's going on this
seems very buggy this this area proost
officers alerted T of memory done
successful terminal awaiting
lockin fatal exception pral aror abort r
he moved
him these guys are killing the enemies
too quick man
inserting press command ritual
Undertaker oh you little [__]
small m
is so annoying in this
game checkpoint machine spirit
rearming
ordin oh [__] am out of
ammo those guys are fighting so deep
Transit M mon provide your command
authorization the bindings have been
loosened I
theing good escort L to the Train the C
shs be
fester and rot zenos Abomination I
here reloading okay pretty pretty easy
pretty good so far these guys seem to
know what they're
doing is that an armor boost what's
that yeah an armor boost
do some
grenades there is no going
back yeah this gun's pretty weird it's
like a a man portable LZ Cannon kind of
thing like it's not as heavy as a last
Cannon a last fusal it's called there's
there's all the weird primaris weapons
in this now you would make a fine chap
which I'm not intimately familiar with
to be honest like you get a plasma
incinerator instead of a plasma
gun which again seems like a bit of a
fusion between a plasma gun and a plasma
cannon it's not quite as big as a plasma
cannon but it's bigger than a plasma gun
something
like beh
that's yeah we take
gear
what
sh ra
no storm will delay our
vengance yet oh
[__] got it
yeah rers are scary
eliminated what are you want They're All
Dead Sandstorm incoming well that's
awkward I snip things very easily
Sur
Brothers iion looks like from an aerial
view point
readying next
poy the rest of you
across what what is he doing
I don't know why he's so far away
fighting
them what the [__] was
that I am a phantom of
death the dust storm has set
Ching
magazine alien biof foring keep high for
we do not want to get
seate reloading guy is [__] up there
I don't know why he's doing so far back
man the fu
to
be I have you brother attack on your
feet brother
holy [__] have no life active camouflage
charge survey the terrain one C
Brothers they say I may have saved their
asses
though waste nothing
brother there only one shot grenade now
keep them
melter I don't know what that was all
about why that other guy was so far back
compared to us just yeah
po go stay together
man my
inserting Fresh
Magazine survey the terrain while you
can
Brothers terminal looks empty
it won't be for
long
o
oh obstruction
detected removal is required to
commence message received
the rubble is
eliminated so now you can see the no
Cannon
Warhead extremest
Target your
[__] well that was the extremist Target
so it's either a Ravena aor or a zro
got me good there
theor take all you can
carry zenos cring
there synaptic servant slaughtered
remain
calm oh they're blocking my
shots annoying
remain
calm
the alien
biing readying next volley jump pack
refuel
[Music]
departmental inor Mor transfer 3639
loading
complete
updated ooh often you get around this
corner and the way more enemies one of
the sces I join the in meditation
days there are
many I shall seek a cherub to recyle to
during
your yeah the assault Marine has very
good AOE damage to deal with hards
tyranids have no mind for
tactics
reloading objective on the other side
okay near there
we're nearly
there as the emperor is a shield for me
so am I for my
[Music]
brothers leftenant payload is
delivered good deoy
it SC
their numbers are no Max for
our
coordinate it's a great advantage of
having a sniper take out zopes nice and
easy that Z Trope has played its last m
losing
P engine power depleted initiating
charging cycle
departmental
penalties
expected let us reassess our approach
tasa I have multiple swarms moving to
let's see they going
attention swiftly we will not get
another short of this funnel the Vermin
into the causeway and let the battle be
ended cutting
proposition there are engines in service
that may be rooted along the parallel
tracks this side changes may be made by
a dispatcher at the tracks control t
inserting press magazine M all Lo of
Abominations zenos on the lines summon
the train
off to summon the
train oh you little
[__] protect the Train the emperor will
not be
[Music]
before track
changes power charged to
25% dispatch
oh so many hmas
man
magazine picking up
equipment munition engine
charge you there R Vu at
mark F in charging system
detected engy requested to perform
rights of
restoration link your armor to the
mechanic's device you will need to keep
close proximity to the charging station
until the reset is
complete perform the rights of
restoration at the inflicted charging
station machine interface and the Circ
will be
reset if the problem persists Cent
depart
defin cause technical failure off the pr
toed each your of
prepars whatever prayers
will I am eager
[Music]
pretty low on health
there checkpoint
located Ceno
SC swarm I spotted
establishing diagnostic
connection that was just the spawn RS
behind
me the engine is charged and for
departure Dey immediately should be the
D on
it nice
[Music]
detonation in five brace for Shockwave
so there's a little taste of the sniper
in operations mode I'm just going to
wait for this to load and show you the
end game start
screen got a little bit hairy there
but we
managed yeah you can see I took by far
the least amount of damage but that
makes
sense pretty cool all right catch you
around guys top it out
n
[Music]